    var depthByPage = {
      "phase1-1.html": "Classify every candidate use case across three dimensions before committing to GenAI: business value (how much outcome improvement is realistic), feasibility (is grounding data available and reliable?), and risk (what is the cost of a wrong or hallucinated output?). Use cases that score low on feasibility but high on risk should stay with deterministic automation until the data foundation is ready. A helpful mental model is to separate AI that creates content from AI that makes decisions — these require different review loops, different evaluation criteria, and different governance checkpoints. Early enterprise GenAI programs that struggled often picked high-risk use cases first; successful ones start with high-value, lower-risk drafting and summarization use cases, demonstrate value, then build confidence and controls for higher-stakes decisions. Map each use case to an owner who can define success, approve outputs, and respond to failure — without that owner, no amount of model sophistication will produce reliable production outcomes.",
      "phase1-2.html": "When evaluating models, run the same representative prompt battery across all candidates and score each on output quality, latency at realistic concurrent load, token cost at projected monthly volume, consistency across reruns, and behavior at boundary conditions such as empty context or conflicting information. Build that comparison into a decision record so future model upgrades can be evaluated against the same baseline. Context window size matters for use cases with long documents or multi-turn conversations, but a larger window does not automatically improve quality — retrieval and prompt design often matter more. Fine-tuning adjusts model weights and is expensive to maintain; prompt engineering and RAG are more composable and easier to update when business rules change. Understand the difference between a base model, an instruction-tuned model, and an RLHF-aligned model: enterprise workflows almost always need an instruction-tuned or aligned variant that responds reliably to structured system prompts.",
      "phase1-3.html": "Treat prompts as versioned, testable artifacts, not informal text strings. Maintain a prompt library with the system prompt, example inputs, expected output structure, known failure cases, and the model version it was tested against. When any of those variables change, retest before deploying. The most common failure modes in prompt engineering are under-specification (not enough context or format guidance), over-permissiveness (no output constraints or safety instructions), and context pollution (mixing conflicting instructions or allowing user input to override system instructions). Chain-of-thought improves complex reasoning but adds tokens and latency — apply it selectively to tasks that require multi-step logic. Few-shot examples should be drawn from real, verified cases rather than invented ones. Always test prompts in an adversarial posture: try inputs that should fail, inputs with edge-case phrasing, and inputs that contradict the system prompt.",
      "phase1-4.html": "RAG quality depends more on index design and retrieval discipline than on model choice. Define chunk size based on the nature of your content: policy documents may need larger semantic chunks, FAQ pairs may need smaller ones. Use metadata tagging (source, date, owner, topic) so retrieval can be filtered by more than just semantic similarity. Hybrid retrieval that combines dense vector search with sparse keyword search outperforms either alone for enterprise content that includes product names, IDs, and regulatory terms. Reranking retrieved results before prompt assembly improves the quality of what actually reaches the model. Define explicit fallback behavior for low-confidence retrieval: returning a message that the system lacks sufficient information is safer than presenting a weakly supported response with high confidence. Plan index refresh frequency and source ownership from the start — most RAG quality problems in production trace to stale, duplicate, or unowned content.",
      "phase1-6.html": "Build governance proportional to risk, not uniform across all use cases. A low-stakes summarization assistant and a high-impact automated decision both need governance, but the controls are different in scope and formality. For high-risk use cases, define: a risk classification, a red-team testing cadence, human-in-the-loop approval checkpoints, evidence retention policy, and an escalation path for unexpected outputs. Responsible AI requires that model decisions can be explained at a level that a business owner or regulator can understand — why an output was produced and what could have changed it. Bias evaluation should be a checkpoint before launch, not a one-time exercise: model behavior can drift as underlying data and retrieval content changes. Run regular adversarial tests including prompt injection attempts, out-of-distribution inputs, and high-stakes edge cases. Document the outcomes of those tests as part of your evidence record.",
      "phase2-1.html": "Production RAG pipelines require operational discipline that goes beyond initial deployment. Define an index governance model covering: who owns each content source, how often it is refreshed, how conflicting or outdated content is detected and removed, and who approves new sources before they are indexed. Embed retrieval telemetry that tracks which chunks are retrieved most often, which queries return zero results, and which queries return results but produce unhelpful answers. Plan for document lifecycle events: when a policy changes, the old version must be removed or superseded promptly, otherwise the model will continue citing stale guidance confidently. Reranking is often worth the added latency in enterprise settings because the cost of a poorly grounded answer is usually much higher than a few extra milliseconds. Add citation enforcement to every high-stakes answer so downstream reviewers can validate the source directly.",
      "phase2-2.html": "MCP standardizes tool access the way HTTP standardized web communication: a single protocol that any compliant client or server can speak without bespoke integration code. Teams should design tools as MCP-compatible servers from the start rather than retrofitting existing APIs, because the schema and contract structure is what enables safe dynamic discovery by agents. A2A is designed for peer-to-peer agent collaboration where one agent can invoke another agent's capabilities without knowing its implementation, which is key to composing specialized agents without tight coupling. In production, authorization boundaries must be defined per tool and per agent role — an agent that can read knowledge should not automatically be able to write to case data or trigger external actions. Version tool contracts explicitly: breaking changes to a tool schema can silently cause agents to fail or behave incorrectly in ways that are hard to trace without proper telemetry.",
      "phase2-3.html": "A disciplined platform evaluation uses a weighted scorecard that separates must-have from nice-to-have criteria before scoring any vendor. Must-haves typically include: data residency and compliance support, runtime control mechanisms (content filtering, rate limiting, human override), audit logging, and integration with existing identity and access management. Evaluate platforms against realistic workloads, not toy demos — request production case studies with similar volume, integration complexity, and governance requirements. Total cost of ownership should include not just API costs but also evaluation infrastructure, prompt engineering effort, observability tooling, and ongoing governance overhead. Build-vs-buy decisions should weigh time-to-production, team capability, and long-term maintainability — custom builds often underestimate the hidden operational cost of keeping up with model and API changes.",
      "phase2-4.html": "Evaluation frameworks need to distinguish between correctness (is the answer factually right?), faithfulness (is the answer grounded in retrieved content?), relevance (does the answer address the actual question?), and safety (does the answer comply with policy rules?). These dimensions require different test designs — automated metrics handle correctness and faithfulness well but struggle with relevance and safety, which often need human or LLM-as-judge approaches. Build a golden dataset from real production queries and their verified correct answers, not from synthetic examples — real query distributions reveal failure modes that synthetic data misses. Regression testing is as important in GenAI as in traditional software: when a prompt, model, or retrieval configuration changes, run the full test suite before deploying. Track evaluation scores as time series so degradation is visible before users report it.",
      "phase2-5.html": "Effective GenAI observability operates at three levels: infrastructure (latency, token usage, error rates), output quality (faithfulness, relevance, safety scores), and business outcomes (task completion rate, rework rate, escalation frequency, time-to-resolution). Most teams start at the infrastructure level, which is necessary but not sufficient — a system can have fast, cheap responses that are consistently unhelpful in ways that erode trust over time. Implement trace IDs that correlate a single user query through retrieval, prompt assembly, model call, and downstream workflow action. Set up anomaly detection on output-quality metrics, not just latency: a sudden spike in low-confidence retrievals or safety-filter hits usually indicates upstream data or prompt degradation before users report problems. Review observability dashboards regularly with both engineering and business stakeholders so technical metrics are connected to real operational impact.",
      "phase2-6.html": "GenAI security requires defending a larger attack surface than traditional software because the model itself is part of the execution layer. Prompt injection — embedding malicious instructions in user input or retrieved content — is the most common exploitable vulnerability and must be mitigated with input validation, system prompt isolation, and output sanitization. Data privacy controls should address: what data enters the context window, whether that data is retained by the model provider, and how PII or sensitive business data is detected and redacted before reaching external APIs. Apply least-privilege access to retrieval: an agent answering HR policy questions should not have access to financial forecasts or legal case data. Conduct threat modeling for the full chain from user input through retrieval, prompt assembly, model call, output parsing, and any downstream workflow actions triggered by the response.",
      "phase3-1.html": "A GenAI reference architecture is most useful when it defines the boundaries and contracts between layers rather than prescribing specific technologies. The key layers are: presentation (where users interact), orchestration (where workflow logic and agent coordination live), integration (where tools, data, and model APIs are accessed), and foundation (where models, vector stores, and compute live). Each layer should have a clear owner, an explicit interface contract, and a defined failure mode. Reference architectures accelerate delivery when they are packaged as starter templates and guardrails rather than static diagrams — teams should be able to instantiate a compliant baseline in hours rather than designing from scratch each time. Governance controls should be embedded at the integration and orchestration layers, not retrofitted at the presentation layer after launch.",
      "phase3-2.html": "When evaluating platforms for deep capability delivery, distinguish between what a platform does natively versus what it enables through integration. Native capabilities are more tightly governed, easier to maintain, and often more compliant with enterprise policies; integration-based capabilities offer flexibility but introduce operational overhead and new failure points. Define the handoff boundary between design-time tooling and runtime orchestration clearly before selecting components — unclear boundaries are a common source of rework as systems scale. Evaluate not just current capabilities but also the platform's track record of releasing enterprise-grade features with stable APIs, good documentation, and backward compatibility. A platform that moves fast but breaks APIs frequently creates hidden upgrade costs that compound over time.",
      "phase3-3.html": "LLM integration path selection should be driven by data sensitivity, latency requirements, cost structure, and compliance obligations, in that order. Cloud-hosted inference offers the fastest path to production for non-sensitive workloads but requires careful data handling agreements and audit controls. On-premises or private deployment gives maximum control over data residency but requires investment in infrastructure, operations, and model lifecycle management. Hybrid routing — where different queries route to different models based on sensitivity, complexity, or cost — is often the most practical enterprise architecture. Model abstraction layers are worth the upfront design cost because they decouple application code from specific model endpoints, making provider changes and version upgrades much less disruptive. Plan for model deprecation from day one: providers sunset models on their own timelines, and hardcoded endpoints require emergency rework when those endpoints go offline.",
      "phase3-4.html": "Multi-agent systems introduce coordination complexity that requires explicit design, not just emergent behavior. Each agent should have a defined scope, a set of approved tools, explicit input and output contracts, and documented escalation paths for cases it cannot resolve confidently. Conflict resolution rules are critical: when two agents produce contradictory outputs, the orchestrator needs a deterministic rule for how to proceed — common patterns include confidence-weighted selection, human escalation above a risk threshold, and conservative default to the less actionable output. Test multi-agent pipelines with adversarial scenarios: inject incorrect tool outputs, simulate agent timeouts, and introduce ambiguous inputs that could lead agents to disagree. Observability must trace the full agent call graph so failures can be attributed to the correct agent and tool in a multi-hop execution chain.",
      "phase3-5.html": "GenAI Connect is the integration and configuration surface that determines what models the platform can use, how prompts are assembled and routed, and how outputs are governed before they reach workflows. When configuring connectors, define explicit prompt contract schemas so that changes to system prompts or output format requirements are versioned and tested before deployment. Connector validation should include both happy-path tests with representative inputs and adversarial tests that verify content filtering, fallback behavior, and error handling under edge conditions. Rate limiting and cost governance should be configured at the connector level so that unexpected usage spikes are bounded before they reach the model provider billing ceiling. Document connector behavior in a runbook accessible to operations teams so they can respond to incidents without requiring deep knowledge of the underlying model API.",
      "phase3-6.html": "A Center of Excellence provides the most value when it is a delivery accelerator rather than a governance bottleneck. The practical difference is that an effective CoE publishes opinionated starter artifacts teams can actually use — prompt templates, architecture patterns, evaluation frameworks, integration blueprints — rather than just policies that constrain what teams cannot do. Measure CoE effectiveness by tracking time-to-first-production-deployment per team, reuse rate of shared artifacts, and the number of governance findings caught before launch versus discovered post-deployment. The CoE should own the feedback loop between production incidents and standard updates: when a failure mode is discovered in one deployment, the standard should be updated and the fix communicated to all teams. Governance maturity grows when the CoE operates with a risk-based posture: high-impact use cases get intensive review, low-risk assistants get lightweight self-certification with spot audits.",
      "phase3-7.html": "Production readiness for GenAI requires the same rigor as any enterprise system, plus GenAI-specific controls. Before launch, verify that monitoring covers output quality metrics, not just infrastructure health; that a rollback plan exists and has been tested; that human escalation paths are staffed and understood; and that the business owner has signed off on accepted output quality thresholds. Run a tabletop drill that simulates three to five realistic failure scenarios: model outage, sudden degradation in retrieval quality, a safety filter triggering at high rate, PII detected in outputs, and an unexpected cost spike. Runbooks should be written for operations staff, not engineers. Post-launch monitoring cadence should be more frequent in the first 30 days: review output samples, user feedback, and metric trends daily rather than weekly until the system demonstrates stable behavior.",
      "phase4-1.html": "Pega's AI strategy is built on the principle that AI should serve and strengthen the workflow rather than operate alongside it in a separate system. This means that model outputs directly influence case routing, worker guidance, and next best action recommendations within the same governed process — rather than requiring workers to copy outputs from an AI chat tool into a separate workflow system. When evaluating Pega AI use cases, prioritize situations where process context (case data, history, customer profile, SLAs) materially improves AI output quality, because that context is natively available inside the platform. Predictive and generative AI serve different roles: predictive models provide probability-weighted decisions at high volume with low latency; generative models provide language-based assistance where flexibility and natural language matter. The most valuable Pega AI deployments combine both in the same workflow.",
      "phase4-2.html": "The Pega GenAI product portfolio addresses different stages of the delivery lifecycle and should not be treated as interchangeable options. Blueprint accelerates the design phase by generating application structures from natural language requirements. Knowledge Buddy and Coach serve the runtime phase: Knowledge Buddy grounds answers in enterprise content; Coach provide contextual worker guidance during live case handling. AgentX enables multi-agent orchestration where specialized agents collaborate on complex tasks under governed workflow control. GenAI Connect is the integration and routing layer that underlies all of the above — it determines which models are invoked, how prompts are constructed, and how outputs are validated before they enter workflows. Understanding these distinctions prevents over-relying on one product for all use cases and creates a cleaner foundation for enablement, support, and governance across the portfolio.",
      "phase4-3.html": "RAG pipelines in Pega are most effective when they are built on a well-governed knowledge foundation. Content ownership, freshness schedules, and access permissions for each knowledge source should be defined before indexing begins — retrofitting governance to an already-indexed knowledge base is significantly harder. Chunk design should reflect how workers actually ask questions: conversational queries from Coach interactions need different chunk granularity than precise regulatory lookups from a compliance tool. Evaluation should measure not just retrieval accuracy but also whether retrieved content leads to correct, safe, and policy-compliant answers in the workflow context. Build a feedback loop where workers can flag unhelpful or incorrect knowledge answers — these signals should drive index curation, not just prompt tuning. Test retrieval under realistic access control conditions: a worker should only receive answers grounded in content they are authorized to see.",
      "phase4-4.html": "MCP in Pega standardizes how the platform exposes tools and data to AI agents, enabling composable agent capabilities without custom integration work per tool. When designing MCP tool definitions for Pega, write explicit schemas for every input and output, including error response shapes — agents that receive unexpected output structures fail silently in ways that are difficult to debug. AgentX orchestration is most stable when each agent has a bounded scope and a defined failure behavior: agents that try to handle too many task types become harder to test, govern, and improve independently. Escalation rules in AgentX should be defined before go-live, not added reactively after the first production incident. Test the orchestration layer with adversarial scenarios: what happens when a specialist agent returns a low-confidence output, or when a tool call times out mid-workflow? Having explicit answers to these questions in code and in runbooks is the difference between a robust production system and a fragile demo.",
      "phase4-5.html": "Pega architecture follows a layered model where presentation, orchestration, integration, and foundation concerns are separated. This separation is what allows AI capabilities to be added, swapped, or governed independently without requiring changes across the entire stack. When implementing integrations, design the connection layer to be model-agnostic: the application logic should not need to change if the underlying LLM provider or version changes. Security at the integration layer should enforce the same access controls that apply to case data and worker permissions — a GenAI feature that accesses customer records must respect all the same data access rules as any other case action. Integration patterns should be documented, tested, and reused across deployments rather than being rebuilt per use case; shared patterns reduce operational risk and accelerate new use case delivery.",
      "phase4-6.html": "Pega GenAI operations require the same disciplines as enterprise workflow operations plus AI-specific controls. Runbooks should cover: model latency spikes, retrieval quality degradation, safety filter activations at abnormal rates, cost anomalies, and user-reported incorrect outputs. Governance checkpoints should be defined for both initial deployment and ongoing operation — ongoing governance often receives less attention but is where most quality erosion occurs. Define acceptance criteria before launch: what output quality threshold must be sustained before automated actions are permitted, and what threshold triggers escalation to human review? Monitor model usage cost as a first-class operational metric alongside latency and availability — unexpected cost spikes often signal prompt injection, runaway agent loops, or misconfigured routing. Establish a regular review cadence with business stakeholders so that operational metrics are connected to real workflow outcomes and business value.",
      "phase4-7.html": "The Pega GenAI product landscape makes most sense when viewed as a set of capabilities mapped to the full delivery lifecycle rather than as a menu of point solutions. At the design stage, Blueprint accelerates application and workflow design from natural language. At the worker assistance stage, Coach and Knowledge Buddy provide contextual, grounded support. At the orchestration stage, AgentX enables multi-agent task execution. At the integration and governance stage, GenAI Connect provides the routing, prompt management, and output control layer that underlies everything else. When planning enablement or adoption, resist the impulse to introduce all capabilities at once — start with the capability that addresses the clearest pain point in your current workflows, demonstrate measurable value, then expand. Governance and operating model decisions made at the beginning of the portfolio adoption significantly determine how much technical debt and rework accumulates as the deployment scales."
    };

    var extra = depthByPage[currentFileName] || "As you continue, map each concept to a real workflow in your environment and define how you will measure outcome quality over time. This turns conceptual understanding into an operational plan that can be tested, improved, and governed.";
    var p = document.createElement("p");
    p.setAttribute("data-topic-guide-depth", "true");
    p.textContent = extra;
    topicCard.appendChild(p);
  }
